khalilou fadiga richly dilatory of the bce noted bedside edition of the
debt
solidarity and play on the unemployment rate that came out above
laws game match-there part of
jmb two places at the magazine the slimming cure while she is on the
show bought to buy a doubt but I have a crazy current I'm
khalilou fadiga to face the oldest challenges to the power strand
in a museum
you consider yourself artists
11:21 this crisis is over
you have to ask people this racket for some people it's a way
to play football unfortunately to gain weight
not a player who will only be more
even though he was very strong
even though I am very sad
during this phase
we talk
you must know that by feeling resistant
in charge of the defender of the blues
previously a little bit too
a little compared to tata plus we have a good group to reason
a carpet how many pounds of muscle
sexy this year a year
let's say that at mans paris-1 at the homage of owners of 76 77 km
I think that now everyone
sloping and powerpoint
we must train
I stayed one day a bag
like a lot more thinking
working twice defensively
the ball is tasty now here
you have to know how to defend you have to know how to stop you have to know
irons know her
when I even hear what happens to me armand
so be careful with the choice
more information in the hemicycles this tool
which will undoubtedly no point I saw yesterday
- all matches and those who leave
do not tell me that bilbao and Gent in the Molière
Thursday sequencing the virus to his two children for ten years
she specifies that a lot of capital all the jewelry that lives alone
Come on guys, we'll make a living
he already has another speech
because the money you take
I do not see anything more
I own
not to say is that what I say or
but to the woman so that's always the same face cetaceans
united
wondered god good who gives us
what we deserve
thus in breach in a taxi with afssaps and patina it sparkle dlc
soccer that is deserved
I think so
we put all
blum some guidelines and then in the end it's done but still with us
when the votes committee is more than two hours
the decisive pass
it's his command how it works
all the tourists who is who and who makes the compromise the movement is you
who are you
no I'm kidding the 6th
two rooms on 2 sept
the two put themselves 12 2 me of orders so much the two players put themselves in
connection from the moment when I see his race
precisely 2009 intensely to see me shifts binding agreement
at the beginning of the school year, we will go back to the children it depends because
Yes
to free the country from the ocd
Defend finally the person who charges me
spearhead by picking up the balloon arrives at the moment when
he has almost nothing to do
the hand is the hardest to take he did well
so I'm trying to
Is it enough
but at the same time as
it's a glance
an offense of that moment
I do not know for the football match amélie mauresmo coup c'est mon
second sport that's the sport
it's excellent cortebeeck
for the second file
the ones we did it's a little bit for me it's a little bit that but I
think the most beautiful but still marked so far in
the film
in a building it was
- who participates
the csn the csq font that alludes to his taste and what he does there
the two cameras forest it must all that seems crazy when this
last fraction of a second that I can
eliminated
see the race
make the pass
these meetings
but it's something else
the second try